README.md, before:

# JSON Tokens JS

[![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/blockstack/jsontokens-js/master.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/blockstack/jsontokens-js/tree/master)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/jsontokens.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsontokens)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/jsontokens.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsontokens)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/jsontokens.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsontokens)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/join-slack-e32072.svg?style=flat)](http://slack.blockstack.org/)

node.js library for signing, decoding, and verifying JSON Web Tokens (JWTs)

### Installation

```
npm install jsontokens
```

### Signing Tokens

```js
import { TokenSigner } from 'jsontokens'

const rawPrivateKey = '278a5de700e29faae8e40e366ec5012b5ec63d36ec77e8a2417154cc1d25383f'
const tokenPayload = {"iat": 1440713414.85}
const token = new TokenSigner('ES256K', rawPrivateKey).sign(tokenPayload)
```

### Creating Unsecured Tokens

```js
import { createUnsecuredToken } from 'jsontokens'

const unsecuredToken = createUnsecuredToken(tokenPayload)
```

### Decoding Tokens

```js
import { decodeToken } = from 'jsontokens'
const tokenData = decodeToken(token)
```

### Verifying Tokens

```js
import { TokenVerifier } from 'jsontokens'
const rawPublicKey = '03fdd57adec3d438ea237fe46b33ee1e016eda6b585c3e27ea66686c2ea5358479'
const verified = new TokenVerifier('ES256K', rawPublicKey).verify(token)
```

### Example Tokens

```text
eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLA0KICJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJqb2UiLA0KICJleHAiOjEzMDA4MTkzODAsDQogImh0dHA6Ly9leGFtcGxlLmNvbS9pc19yb290Ijp0cnVlfQ.dBjftJeZ4CVP-mB92K27uhbUJU1p1r_wW1gFWFOEjXk
```

Commit message:

Add note about signature scheme support to README

README.md, after:

# JSON Tokens JS

[![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/blockstack/jsontokens-js/master.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/blockstack/jsontokens-js/tree/master)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/jsontokens.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsontokens)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/jsontokens.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsontokens)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/jsontokens.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsontokens)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/join-slack-e32072.svg?style=flat)](http://slack.blockstack.org/)

node.js library for signing, decoding, and verifying JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) with the ES256K signature scheme (which uses the secp256k elliptic curve). This is currently the only supported signing and verification scheme for this library.

### Installation

```
npm install jsontokens
```

### Signing Tokens

```js
import { TokenSigner } from 'jsontokens'

const rawPrivateKey = '278a5de700e29faae8e40e366ec5012b5ec63d36ec77e8a2417154cc1d25383f'
const tokenPayload = {"iat": 1440713414.85}
const token = new TokenSigner('ES256K', rawPrivateKey).sign(tokenPayload)
```

### Creating Unsecured Tokens

```js
import { createUnsecuredToken } from 'jsontokens'

const unsecuredToken = createUnsecuredToken(tokenPayload)
```

### Decoding Tokens

```js
import { decodeToken } = from 'jsontokens'
const tokenData = decodeToken(token)
```

### Verifying Tokens

```js
import { TokenVerifier } from 'jsontokens'
const rawPublicKey = '03fdd57adec3d438ea237fe46b33ee1e016eda6b585c3e27ea66686c2ea5358479'
const verified = new TokenVerifier('ES256K', rawPublicKey).verify(token)
```

### Example Tokens

```text
eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLA0KICJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJqb2UiLA0KICJleHAiOjEzMDA4MTkzODAsDQogImh0dHA6Ly9leGFtcGxlLmNvbS9pc19yb290Ijp0cnVlfQ.dBjftJeZ4CVP-mB92K27uhbUJU1p1r_wW1gFWFOEjXk
```
